British English Academy.
A1 listening activity.
Course: A1 Starter English.
Module 2: Home, Family and Daily Objects.
Lesson 2: Home, Family and Daily Objects: Vocabulary Lesson 2.
Listen slowly. Repeat each short sentence.
Listen for useful words and phrases. Repeat the key vocabulary after the speaker.
Learning objective: Learners can name, identify, ask and answer basic questions in a vocabulary task about numbers.
Today you will practise language connected to numbers.
Target language: present simple.
Explanation.
In this lesson you will practise vocabulary for home, family and daily objects. You will learn useful language connected to numbers and practise present simple. By the end, you should be able to complete a short real-life task and explain your answer clearly at A1 level.